Auth: Add skip_org_role_sync for AzureAD OAuth (#60322)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

> With Grafana 10, if `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` option is set to `false`, users with no mapping will be
> reset to the default organization role on every login. [See `auto_assign_org_role` option]({{< relref ".#auto_assign_org_role" >}}).

### [auth.grafana_com] skip_org_role_sync

To prevent synchronization of organization roles for a specific OAuth integration, you can set the `skip_org_role_sync` option to `true`. Please note that there is also a separate setting called `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` which has a different scope. While `skip_org_role_sync` only applies to the specific OAuth provider, `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` is a generic setting that affects all configured OAuth providers.

The setting `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` will be deprecated in favor of provider-specific settings.

> The table below show the OAuth provider and their setting with the default value and the skip org role sync setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the OAuth provider's setting with the default value and the skip org role sync setting.
```

| OAuth Provider | `oauth_skip_org_role_sync_update` | `skip_org_role_sync` | Behavior |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Grafana.com | false | false | will sync with Grafana.com roles |
| Grafana.com | true | false | skip org role sync for OAuth providers including Grafana.com users |
| Grafana.com | false | true | skip org role sync for grafana.com users |
| Grafana.com | true | true | skip org role sync for Grafana.com users and all other OAuth providers |

### [auth.azuread] skip_org_role_sync

To prevent synchronization of organization roles for a specific OAuth integration, you can set the `skip_org_role_sync` option to `true`. Please note that there is also a separate setting called `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` which has a different scope. While `skip_org_role_sync` only applies to the specific OAuth provider, `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` is a generic setting that affects all configured OAuth providers.

The setting `oauth_skip_org_role_update_sync` will be deprecated in favor of provider-specific settings.

> The table below shows the OAuth provides and the setting with the default value and the skip org role sync setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the OAuth providers, the default value setting, and the skip org role sync setting.
```
